Now stretch and focus.
Can you feel the blood
rushing to your brain?
No but I feel my lunch making a move.
This is no fun!
If you don't enjoy yoga,
you don't have to do it.
It's easy for you to say, you're winning.
There is no winning and losing in yoga.
It's different from other sports.
It's more spiritual, and you can't
get hit in the face with a ball.
Now let's move on to a meditation.
Assume the lotus position.
Can we assume I've assumed
the lotus position?
Now let's chant.
Ummm what do we do now?
We empty our minds.
That I can do.
Now release your burdens
and lighten your load.
- Zelda!
- What?
I thought you said this was low impact?
S01 E14
Sabrina Through The Looking Glass
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
My biosphere! Just what I needed.
What was that?
Hilda. Would you be a love
and check my stocks?
Not me! Not today!
- She's stomping already?
- I don't believe this. Look!
Look!
Whoa! Who's your friend?
- It's her first wart as a witch.
- Oh let me get the camera.
No! It's gross.
How did I get it?
And how can I make it go away?
Usually they're caused by stress.
Just calm down and it'll disappear.
I'm calm. I'm calm.
It's still there! I can see it.
What am I gonna do?
Harvey and I are supposed to give
a report on the rain:forest today but
I am not going to school like this.
You can't skip school because of a wart.
It's part of being a witch.
It happens to all of us.
I once had one on the end
of my nose for a decade.
Actually it wasn't that funny,
I wanted to die.
Just be glad you can cover
yours with a baseball cap.
Orioles? I didn't know you were a baseball fan.
I'm not, I'm a Brady Anderson fan.
He is hot, I love those side:burns.
Yeah, I may be a house pet
but I totally see it.
Now you're all set. Off to school.
I feel like a balding middle:aged man..
only more bitter.
Are you sure I can't just
make it a snow day?
No!
But everything's going wrong.
Look, I even broke my biosphere.
And my magic wont fix it.
Oh I bet it's number seven plastic.
It repells magic and it can't be recycled.
Great!
Great! Great! Great!
That's the spirit.
I was being sarcastic!
So was I.
Oh great!
Great! Great! Great!
Sabrina, I need your help.
I have a burning question.
Now is not a good time, Jenny.
I was supossed to meet Harvey
in the library five minutes ago,
so can we talk about it at lunch?
Sure! I'll just save my
burning question till then.
Oh good morning Sabrina.
Hey you're an Orioles fan.
What? Oh yeah.
Oh love that Brady Anderson.
Bet he hits another fifty homers this year huh?
Wouldn't that be great.
Great! Great! Great!
He's not here. Great!
Where were you? I've been waiting.
Sorry. My bus was late.
Hey cool hat! I didn't know
you liked the Orioles?
I do today.
- Well can I try it on?
- No!
Er okay. Let me show you
what I made for our project.
Now first this biosphere was going to show how
the rain:forest is a perfect, self:suporting ecosystem..
but I dropped it.
So now it shows the devastation
caused by greedy timber companies.
It's just a jar o' dirt.
It's called de:forestation!
Okay! Okay!
Now I have something to show you.
Just what our project needs.
He's the last of the spider monkeys
but you can call him...
Marty.
Hi Sabrina!
A puppet?
See I think our message will be much stronger
if we give the tragedy of
extinction a voice and a name.
Marty?
We can change it.
The point is he lives in the rain:forest,
he has credibility.
Watch.
See my prehensile tail?
It's a feature found only in
new world monkeys.
I'm trying to like it.
I'm making every effort.
I hate it.
But it's a guaranteed 'A'!
Mr. Pool'll eat this up.
We're sticking with the biosphere.
You mean the jar o' dirt.
It's a biosphere!
As you pass the biosphere around I think
you'll see what Sting is so upset about.
It's just a jar of dirt!
That's enough Libby.
Sabrina, please continue with your project.
That is the project.
Huh! What's the point?
Yes! Um what's the point..of the rain:forest?
Well it's:it's home to millions of insects,
plants and animals including the spider monkey.
Did someone say spider monkey?
Who are you?
I'm Marty, the rain:forest spokesmonkey.
Delightful!
Harvey! Put the monkey down.
We begin our story deep in the Amazon..
..So weep not for me, weep
for the fate of the earth.
Isn't that right, Sabrina?
What? Oh er yeah!
What the puppet said.
It was terrific! Very creative.
You:you really brought extinction to life.
Now before class ends,
are there any questions.
Yeah! Are you two free for my little
brothers birthday party?
All right, er read chapter twenty:seven
and how about a big hand for
Harvey and Sabrina huh?
I have never been so
embarrassed in my whole life.
What! Come on, the
monkey saved our butts.
Hey guys, can you tell me how
to get to Sesame Street?
See? Everyone thought it was lame.
Mr. Pool didn't.
Like I care what Mr. Pool thinks!
Sabrina!
Oh great! I need sugar,
I'm going to lunch.
Can I come too?
Look, I just want to eat alone.
I was just trying to cheer her up.
Hi Sabrina.
'The Bell Jar'! Three puddings!
This can't be good.
It's not.
D'you wanna talk about it?
No. Didn't you have a burning question or something?
Oh yeah.
See, lately I've been feeling like
people aren't paying attention to me.
Get a puppet.
No, I wa:I was thinking of cutting my hair
ust to shake things up but it's a big decision.
Or fifty thousand little ones.
I'm serious. Sometimes I feel
like I'm a prisoner of my own curls.
Really? That's fascinating, please go on.
Well, when people se
my hair they think..
- Hey Sabrina.
- Libby, what do you want?
You know, I forgot. There was something
I wanted to ask you about your project.
Yeah?
If the earth's tropical forests
are being wiped out at a rate of
sixty:seven acres a minute then how
come you're wearing that stupid hat?
- Give it back!
- What is that?
Snow day!
Hey wart:face. You forgot your hat.
And you forgot you're a goat!
Now go climb a mountain.
Great! Great! Great!
Hello Sabrina, you stormed in.
O:oh! Is that your blizzard?
Yeah, I blanketed the entire Northeast.
Oh and in local news
I turned Libby into a goat.
Come talk to me.
What's the matter?
I have to be a witch, I have to be a mortal,
I have to be a teenager and I have to be
a girl all at the same time.
That's what's the matter.
Hey! At least you've still got your thumbs.
And a door on your bathroom!
Hey look! I've found my Brady
Anderson baseball card.
Who cares? Brady Anderson is nothing to me.
Sabrina!
How could you say such a thing?
I'm in a bad mood.
Hey! I know what'll cheer you up.
Flaun.
Flaun.?
The happy dessert.
Everyone loves the custardy goodness
of a wiggly:jiggly flaun.
You can have my share.
I just want to be left alone.
But flaun!
I can't believe this. It looks awful.
It's huge!
If you took it to a movie it would want it's own seat.
At least someone agrees with me.
I'm so sick of people
trying to cheer me up.
I hate when they do that.
You can be in a bad mood if you want.
No:one else thinks so.
Everyone keeps trying to make me feel
better and I just want to be left alone.
You know what I mean?
You could come in here. No:one will disturb you.
- Can I do that?
- Sure.
- Step right through.
- Cool!
Wow! Everything's swapped around.
Okay door. Wrong!
Door!
And my desk is... over there.
neetneveS magazine.
Man I didn't know there was
a whole world through my mirror.
Yeah, it's a great place for quiet reflection.
Good, I need some time to relax.
This is great.
Er maybe I'll just look at the pictures.
- Did you hear that?
- What?
My stomach rumbling.
What's for dinner?
Whatever comes out of
the end of your finger.
I'm too busy working to cook.
Oh I know what I want.
Flaun.
It's so wiggly.
I don't know whether to eat it or attack it.
Oh hey would you do me a favour
and check on Sabrina.
and see what she want's for dinner?
I'm not sticking my head in there.
She's in a bad mood, she might bite it off.
- You go.
- No, you go.
No, you go.
No, Salem will go.
What!
Good idea. Safety in numbers.
Sabrina! It's dinner time!
She must be sleeping.
She's not here.
Where did she go?
I have no idea.
Mayday! The mirror!
Sabrina must have passed
through the looking glass.
Oh:no! She's trapped in her own bad mood!
I don't see Sabrina.
Oh I wish we could make these clouds lift.
There's nothing we can do.
Only she can get herself out of a bad mood.
I hope it doesn't take too long.
Oh, and I hope our counterparts
aren't too rotten.
- Me too.
- Well let's go.
Remember that time I got stuck
in my own resentment
and you didn't lift one finger to help me.
At least you got over it.
No I didn't.
Seven A.M.?
I must have slept straight through.
Hey! My wart is gone.
ou must have calmed down.
I feel so much better...
but I look like a mess.
There. Well thanks for everything.
I'd better get home and go to school.
Hey! What's going on?
You're stuck. Remember
you wanted to be left alone.
Oh:no!
Help me! Someone help me!
I got it! I got it!
- Who are you?
- I'm Brady Anderson.
The baseball player? You've come to help me?
I'm thinking about it but I'm not sure.
I mean you did say I was nothing to you.
I didn't mean it. I was in a bad mood.
Everyone was bugging me.
Well if everyone was bugging you
did you consider that maybe the problem
wasn't with the rest of the world?
That maybe it was with you?
No.
I mean the things that happened weren't my fault
and I was under a lot of stress.
Yeah I know about stress.
Yankee Stadium, play:offs,
twenty million viewers
High school, science project,
very big wart.
Okay you win,
but only because of the very big wart.
My point is we all live with stress.
That's why you have to control your emotions
and not let your emotions control you.
Isn't that a lot to ask from a teenager?
Yeah and it'll take you about
twenty years to get good at it
but you should start now.
I mean if you wanna get home.
I do. I don't like it here.
I mean for one thing I'm right handed.
I'm a lefty myself. I fit in fine.
Okay, the first thing you have
to do is make amends.
Easy. I'll just tell everyone I'm sorry.
Oh and I'll turn Libby back from a goat.
Good you've got a game:plan.
But I'm locked in.
Here ya go.
- How'd you do that?
- I choked up on the knob.
Good Morning.
Do you mind! I'm working on an article.
Sorry. I just wanted to get some breakfast.
- There, have some porridge.
- Thanks.
Ugh! It's cold!
I'm sorry Goldilocks, the kitchen is closed.
Okay. I'll just go look for the others.
Good morning Salem. Checking your stocks?
Yes and they're all down.
Down! Down! Down!
Well you know what goes down must come up.
Thank you Louis Rookiezer.
But if my stocks don't rally
I'll have to go back to dry food.
Now please, I'd like some privacy.
Oh great.
Great! Great! Great!
- Aunt Hilda?
- What do you want?
I'm a little under the weather.
Er maybe I'll come back later.
Hey good news!
The living room drought is over.
Sabrina! I need to talk to you.
Good 'cause I know you wanted
to talk yesterday and now I'm all ears.
So am I.
What happened to your hair?
It's gone! And it's all your fault.
So I wanted to talk to you
and say I'm not talking to you.
Wait! How is it my fault?
As my friend you shouldn't
have let me do this.
I'm sorry. I was in a bad mood yesterday
and I wasn't really listening.
My life is over.
Jenny, what you need
is some perspective, okay?
First of all, it looks good. No,
It looks better than good.
It looks... fine, and second, it's gonna grow out.
That's right! I forgot. Hair grows.
Yeah. Now just keep saying that
and you'll feel better.
Hair grows. Hair grows.
Now I've gotta go find Harvey.
You wanna have lunch?
Okay.
Good!
- Hair grows.
Hey Harvey.
- Sabrina no! Stay back!
- What's wrong?
You shouldn't be seen with me. No:one should.
Not after how I embarrassed
us both in biology.
You mean with Marty the monkey?
Don't even say that name.
I'm trying to forget.
But he was cute.
He was lame. You even said so.
Because I was in a bad mood.
But today I love puppets.
Where is the little guy?
We had a fight. He's over there on the floor.
Oh:no! Marty?
Are you okay?
I'm fine. But I'm worried
about my friend, Harvey.
Well let's go see if we can cheer him up.
Hey Harvey.
What Marty?
Sabrina's sorry. Very sorry,
and she thanks you for saving her butt.
Y'know, he is kinda cute.
And he's the reason we got an 'A'
Well when you put it that way
I feel kinda bad that I ripped his eyes out.
Hey, Marty's used to tragedy
Hey! That's my homework!
You're eating my homework!
Libby?
Okay,
Libby, I may not be able to stomach
saying this to you after I undo the spell so..
I'm sorry. I was in a bad mood yesterday
but that's no excuse for
turning you into a goat.
Even though you totally deserved it.
Then we understand each other?
What am I doing in the girls room?
You were going to wash your hands.
I was?
So I was just wondering.
Is everything cool between us?
It never was, freak.
Good to have you back Libby. Gotta go.
Ah, I'm up.
Brady? You're at my school.
How do you have time to follow me around?
I'm your spirit guide. And it's the off season.
Well I think you should know I've
been making amends left and right.
I mean right and left.
Well anyway, Jenny,
Harvey and Libby are all fine.
Afraid that's not enough.
You see your bad mood had a ripple effect.
It spread further than you think.
Like to Guam?
No, but beyond those three.
Frankly you have to cheer up the whole school.
Including Mr. Pool.
What happened to Mr. Pool?
You might wanna check.
Mr. Pool?
- Is it morning?
- Yeah.
- I survived.
- Survived what?
My car wouldn't start because
of the blizzard so I got stuck here,
and guess what?
They turn off the heat at six!
That's terrible.
What's worse was that I kept hallucinating
that there was a goat
running around the school.
I know it sounds weird But,
The Goat's very snotty
Forget about your horrible... twisted dream.
I know something that'll cheer you up.
Oh Sabrina, trust me.
Nothing could make...
Brady Anderson! Whoa, I don't believe it!
Wow, I'm your biggest fan!
What are you doing here?
I'm in town for some er motivational speaking.
- To what group?
- Sabrina.
Oh! Would you sign my brain?
Sure.
Look, I need to go.
There's something I need to do.
Which Hemisphere?
Er. Just right along the cerebellum is fine.
You look different.
Are those new ear:rings?
Actually they are.
People tell me I'm not perceptive.
Attention students. This is Sabrina Spellman.
I'd like you all to know
I was in a bad mood yesterday
and I just wanna say I'm sorry.
And to make it up to you
I have a surprise in the cafeteria.
So if you'll please proceed in an orderly fashion..
It's beautiful!
I've never seen anything like it.
It's flaun, and there's enough for everyone.
Here Libby, have some flaun.
No thanks. I'm not hungry.
Alright. Party time!
Oh Sabrina I'm working.
Okay then I'll just put this flaun down over here.
Flaun! I haven't taken a break in six hours,
but I will for flaun.
Did someone say flaun?
I could go for some flaun!
Never underestimate the power of flaun.
I'm going home!
Aw! Solid contact!
Brady?
I came to say goodbye.
I'm really glad it all worked out.
Thanks.
I couldn't have done it without you.
You really put things in perspective.
That's the key.
Now get back to the real world,
and remember, life is a team sport.
Life is a team sport?
How stupid does that sound?
I'm home!
You got out of your bad mood!
Good girl.
- What did you bring me?
- A big kiss.
Hey! Hey! I can groom myself.
I'm sorry I made such a mess of everything.
We cleaned it up.
We even kept the blizzard going
so all your friends could have a snow day.
And we changed Libby
back from being a goat,
but not before taking a Polaroid
so you could treasure the memory for ever.
So the real world kept going without me?
Teenagers!
Then there's a call I have to make.
Well you don't have to order me
a pizza but make it half sausage, half clams.
Hello Jenny? Did you cut your hair?
No? Good, don't. It'd be
the biggest mistake of your life..
No, a trim would be fine.
Look I'll call you later and we'll
discuss every hair. Okay. Bye.
I'm in such a good mood.
Well then we should celebrate.
And there's no better way to celebrate
than with a woggly joggly flaun.
This is great.
Great! Great! Great!
I was being sincere.
Enough! I'm not going to
stand here all day watching you
Wait! Come back!
Which sweater did you like?
Hey, how am I supposed to figure
this out without you?
**  Saboor Mughal  **
www.subscene.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org